[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Waves crashing,
birds chirping ]
[ Bird coos ]
♪♪
K: Everything appears
to be going well.
Uncle, if you don't mind,
I'd like to ask --
why did you choose Shitan,
of all people?
His devotion to Yukimaru
runs far too deep.
While he is my brother,
I do have grave concerns
over his attachment to others.
That's why he was chosen --
to prevent him from falling
under the witch's influence.
Yukimaru, then, may have already
fallen under the witch's spell.
Is that what you suspect?
It's at least a possibility
worth considering.
On the evening
that The Hope went down,
you were the one
who saved Yukimaru's life.
Ever since, that boy looked up
to you as a big brother,
even becoming a swordsman
to emulate you.
K, do you think Yukimaru
has surpassed you in that skill?
I can't be sure.
Until we cross blades again,
there's no way to know.
[ Metal clanging ]
Girl: Shitan sensei,
it's time for my training.
Coming.
Orléans?
But that's in France, isn't it?
Yeah, we were wrong
about it
coming from
Libar-Oberstein.
Turns out
it was carved there
but mined in Orléans.
The Burgermeister said
that was highly unusual.
Is that all?
Shitan: Well, there's
one more thing.
It would appear the client
who commissioned it
was the one and only
Joan of Arc.
Wait. The one from
the Hundred Years War?
Thing is, she was executed
five years before.
Huh? O-Okay.
That is strange.
It's not something we should
just accept at face value.
But we can't
disprove it either.
I guess that's true.
I can't really see
what the old man would gain
from lying about it.
Mm. Okay, but what if we
go there and it's a bust?
I mean, it's far.
Either way,
it seems our best path's
wherever the wind's
blowing us,
at least for now, anyway.
Both: Us two seconds
is seconding.
You can doubt
all you want,
but Fenaska hasn't
led us astray yet.
True! What he said.
♪♪
All right, fine.
Let's go.
We'll maintain a course
to the west,
set in at Nantes for supplies,
and then head up
the Lorient River.
♪♪
Are you sure this is it?
Pretty sure.
So which hole is it?
That I'm not
so sure about.
But there's gotta be
over 100 of them.
Yeah.
So what's the plan here,
Captain?
No clue.
Don't give me that.
You made us come here.
Cut me some slack.
The map I got
from the Burgermeister
didn't mention anything
about all these holes.
Fena, just pick one of them,
then we'll go.
Wahh!
There they are.
I think I found those Asians
you were looking for.
Nice work.
And do they look
like a bunch
that could give our crew
trouble?
To be honest, the girl looks
about as harmless as a kitten.
What's the situation
down there?
We spotted them.
Do we move in?
Go ahead.
All right,
we're moving out!
All: Aye!
Mm. Oh. Oh. Mm. Oh.
[ Muttering ]
[ Sighs ]
I really have no clue.
What should I do, Yukimaru?
We should first start
by getting inside.
Then if we determine it's safe,
we split into teams.
Good idea.
I hadn't thought of that.
Then let's start there,
everyone.
Both: Whoa!
That was fast.
It's stuck.
[ Grunts ]
Yeah, this one won't budge.
I think we gotta
pull out these boards.
Makaba, didn't you have
a nail extractor?
[ Clattering ]
Both: Anybody home?
[ Gasps ]
Whoa!
What on Earth?
My gut says
this is no ordinary mine.
♪♪
Is this a temple?
Possibly.
Looks like you may have
hit the jackpot again.
This place sure is strange.
Mm?
What is it, Makaba?
I see a door up ahead.
If this is a temple,
maybe it could lead
to the cemetery.
What now?
We go.
The left or right?
Left.
Based on?
My gut.
Fair enough.
Your gut's been pretty reliable.
All right, Captain.
Don't mind me.
I'm gonna go
hold up the rear.
Good luck!
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Bodies left out
unburied.
Yeah.
I see a lot of women
and children.
Maybe they were driven in here
and took their lives,
or maybe they were sick
with something and quarantined.
Whatever it was,
it didn't end well.
Karin:
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Stop it!
Look away!
Nothing to see back here.
This place is haunted
for sure.
I'm telling you, my family
can sense these things.
-Karin. Karin!
-What do you want?!
[ Karin screams ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Huh?
Fena:
The tunnel branches again.
Okay.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Fena, go ahead.
Pick a path.
Huh? This was a fluke.
Last time I guessed randomly.
It doesn't matter.
Your guesses have a tendency
to be correct.
I agree. Go on.
Trust your gut.
I-I'm not sure.
I really wish you wouldn't
put me on the spot like this.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Fena, what is it?
Hey.
The right.
Huh?
You're sure?
We take the right fork.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ All grunting ]
♪♪
Is it just me,
or is this place real spooky?
Not like you to be
a scaredy cat, Shing.
Why don't you come here and say
that to my face, Alveda?
Knock it off, you guys.
[ Scoffs ]
The two of them bicker
like a couple of children.
-Sis.
-Mm?
What is it?
There's a fork
in the tunnel.
[ Exclaims in French ]
Which way they go?
Don't ask me.
How should I know?
What now?
-Mary?
-Aye-aye, Captain!
They went to the left.
Good.
Thank you, Mary.
Everyone, we go right.
Come on. Follow me!
Anne, leave the card back here.
Understood?
Shing, Alveda,
give her a hand.
-Aye-aye!
-Mary, the...
-Oh, yeah, right!
[ Mary grunts ]
♪♪
Let's keep moving,
Yukimaru.
Enju:
That's enough, Karin.
You're, like, seriously
making it hard to walk.
You shut up.
Take one step away from me,
and I'll beat the snot
out of you.
So annoying.
She seems -- she seems
different somehow.
Yes, definitely.
She's suddenly
way more decisive.
Maybe she's remembered
something.
That wasn't
what I was asking you.
♪♪
We should go
this way, Sis!
Good work, Mary.
I can always
count on you.
Charlotte,
leave a mark for later.
Oui, Capitan.
[ Footsteps echoing ]
We've gone a pretty
long way down.
The humidity's changed.
Do you think that we could be
beneath the river?
She's acting
really out of sorts.
Who? Fena?
You're reading
too much into it.
What's up with you?
[ Grumbles ]
-Yukimaru, are you...
-Am I what?
Are you in love
with Fena?
Come on.
Don't be ridiculous.
I only made an observation that
she's not acting like herself.
You're reading into it.
Spoken like a true virgin.
-Did you say something?
-Not a word.
♪♪
Fena, is this it?
Yes.
How did you
know the way?
Because I've been here before.
-Huh?
-I figured as much.
It's as Master Yukihisa
surmised.
Fena's memories
have been locked away,
buried in
her subconscious.
But encountering sights
and smells
of places from her past
is reawakening them.
Did any memory surface
about how we open
this monster of a door?
Not even Makaba's muscles
could budge this thing.
Well, maybe there's
a hidden key or something?
[ Stone scraping ]
♪♪
[ All gasp ]
Huh?
[ Thud ]
[ Rumbling ]
Fens, don't go in there
without us.
Yukimaru,
don't try to stop her.
Why not?
[ Grumbles ]
[ Water rushing ]
Oh.
Touch your torch
to that basin there.
Mm?
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
What is this?
[ Singing continues ]
♪♪
So, is it just me,
or did nothing change?
I-I don't know.
I think the light might have
gotten a little bit brighter.
-Yeah. A little, right?
-Mm.
Okay,
so what do we do now?
Guess we could...
-Oh, wow.
-Hmm?
I can see something
in there.
-Huh?
-What?
-What do you think that is?
-Let me see.
♪♪
What?
It kind of looks like
a bunch of scratches.
Scratches?
From wear and tear?
No, these markings are
too precise to be random
or naturally occurring.
It is striped in a way that's
invisible to the naked eye.
-[ Gasps ]
-Hmm. Karin.
Already ahead of you.
Give me a second.
Hang on. Are those...
Karin: I need a brush
and some ink.
I gotta write this down!
[ Tambourine shaking
at intervals ]
♪♪
La Pucelle.
Blue water
and storm clouds.
You called me here, didn't you?
But why? Why me?!
[ Gasps ]
They're Roman numerals,
aren't they?
There's a chance that
these numbers may point
to a destination.
Latitude?
Longitude?
Karin: I bet that's exactly
what they are.
Do you think
you'll be able
to figure out
where it's pointing to?
I could with the chronometer
we have back on the Bonito.
It's a Harrison C4,
top of the line.
Problem is, we don't know
the directions.
North, south,
east, west.
Without more specifics,
there are four
potential locations.
We'd have to travel
to a lot of places.
I'd wager there's a clue
that could help us
in Fena's -- ah -- huh?
W-What's wrong, Yukimaru?
She's gone.
Who's gone?
Do you mean Fena?
Fena!
Where are you?
Found her for ya.
-Yukimaru!
-Fena!
Stop right there.
♪♪
Now, then,
if you'd be so kind,
how about we drop
those nasty little toys?
♪♪
Are you deaf?
Did you not hear
what our boss said,
little archer girl?
[ Fena whimpering ]
Shitan!
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
And you, little pipsqueak.
It's them again.
They're the ones from Bar-Baral.
Now hand it over,
would you?
Give me the coordinates
to El Dorado.
El Dorado?
What are you
talking about?
If you know what's best
for you,
you'll bring it over.
The rest of you stay put.
Yukimaru, don't worry.
I'll go.
Be careful.
Yeah, I think that goes
without saying.
Yukimaru, if we hand it
over to them --
We have no choice.
If we make one false move,
it'll put Fena's life
in danger.
Hmph.
This ink isn't even dry yet.
So I suppose that means
this isn't a fake.
Unlike you guys,
we don't play dirty.
Now, you better let Fena go
and beat it, you old hag.
[ Grunts ]
Karin!
No! Stay right there.
♪♪
So what do you want us
to do with them, Sis?
Can we kill them?
Please?
Don't even think it.
Remember what happened
at Bar-Baral?
These are
no ordinary mercenaries.
Sorry to disappoint, folks,
but I've no interest
in tussling with you.
You can chain them down,
but in the end,
wolves are still wolves.
Get too close
and they'll bite you.
I know you.
You are the Goblin Knights...
...the masterful death brigade
that wiped out
3,000 Spanish soldiers
in the blink of an eye
at the Battle of Dumkuk,
killers for hire who were feared
to be the incarnation
of Lucifer himself.
And you lot are
their descendants, aren't you?
It's an honor
to make your acquaintance.
But...
Karin!
[ Gunshot ]
Did we say that
any of you could move?
[ Grunts ]
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
Grace, are you sure
it's a good idea
to leave them alive?
You saw the skulls
on the way in, didn't you?
There's no way
out of this place.
If we block off
the entrance,
they'll starve to death
eventually.
I follow you now.
Well, my little goblins,
I hate to be rude,
but we really
must be going.
Wait!
We gave you the location.
Now hand over Fena!
Apologies, but I'm afraid
I can't do that
because apparently
we will need
both the girl
and the coordinates.
What?!
[ Gasps ]
Yukimaru!
Help me, please!
Let me go!
Let go!
Guys! Yukimaru!
Hey, Mary, let's go.
Aye-aye!
Adios, chicos.
♪♪
[ Explosion ]
[ Water lapping ]
[ Growling softly ]
[ Rumbling ]
[ Gasps ]
What was that?
[ Birds cawing ]
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪